She said she came to Korea
to look for investors
for a private equity fund that she made.
She says the fund
deals with very large sums.
I'm sure it is.
So only one spot's left?
She asked if you'd like to sign up
for the last spot left.
Oh, my.
My goodness. Thank you so much.
Of course, I should. Translate it now!
Director Eun Chang-su, who was shot by
the armed spies around 7 p.m. yesterday,
underwent surgery
but is still unconscious.
Dr. Song Hyeon-tak of Hankuk Central
Medical Center, who did the surgery,
said they should watch him
closely for a few more day
to check on Mr. Eun's progress.
I did everything you told me to do.
And Dr. Song has announced
that you're in critical condition.
Nam Tae-il…
must not find out.
Of course.
I find Choi suspicious too,
so I'm keeping this from him.
You were very lucky.
He said only 13 people would die…
Honey, it really must mean
that you'll become the President.
Otherwise,
how did the bullet a sniper shot
just graze your ribs a little?
The deity kept you safe.
Now…
we must come up with a plan
to bury that bastard Tae-il alive.
Damn, the short rib soup was amazing.
Keep up the good work.
I've got to say,
she's a good luck charm.
As soon as she got out,
everything's going well.
Wait.
I wonder what my little pretty thing's
doing. Hey, give me the phone.
My God.
Hello?
Just when I was about to call you!
When the hostage situation's over,
how about we go on a trip?
Just the two of us, let's go some place
where no one knows us.
I want to go around holding your hand.
How about the Maldives?
You precious little fox.
Sure.
Let's go at the end of the year.
Book tickets.
Really? You really mean it?
Tell me your passport number then.
Okay.
Got it. I'll book the tickets.
I know. Me too.
Is this the Tokyo branch of Swiss BR Bank?
I'd like to open a secret account.
Kang Cheong-ya just called
the Tokyo branch of Swiss BR Bank,
lying that she's the wife
of Secretary-General Nam Tae-il.
As soon as she told them Nam's passport
number, they said they'd send their staff.
Swiss BR Bank? Is she planning to flee
after opening the secret account?
If she goes to the airport or
tries to stow away, arrest her right away.
Arrest her?
Me, who's being chased by the agency?
Even if I arrest her,
I have nowhere to hand her over.
Who said anything about the agency?
She must bring the money here
for us to ruin their scheme.
That's the only way to save the hostages
and arrest Taedong River 1 and the rest.
Over and out.